This is an attempt to make a game that will generate Touhou-style bullet-hell bosses and then breed/mutate them depending on how well they fare against players.

For those unfamilliar with the bullet-hell genre, it is a subgenre of the shoot-em-up genre, focused more on dodging bullets than anything else.
The reason it's called a bullet hell is because at any given time, the screen will be covered with enemy bullets.

==BOSS STATS
The way a boss behaves is determined by two things: its attack pattern and its base stats.
The base stats are broken down into 6 stats:

STR: (Strength) controls damage the boss does, and contributes to the size of its hitbox
CON: (Constitution) controls the max Hitpoints of the boss, and contributes to the size of its hitbox
INT: (Intelligence) controls the maximum mana of the boss
WIS: (Wisdom) controls the mana regeneration rate of the boss
DEX: (Dexterity) controls firing speed and contributes to the movement speed of the boss
LUK: (Luck) controls the bullet travel speed and contributes to the movement speed of the boss

A boss's stats are pulled in ratios from a common "nutrient" pool. A boss can only put so many points into all the stats combined.

==UI INFORMATION
There's a lot of information being fed to you at any given time about the stats of the boss and bullets.

The color denotes the stat distribution of the boss.
STR and CON increase the red channel
LUK and DEX increase the green channel
INT and WIS increase the blue channel

the bars at the top of the combat area are the health and mana of the boss's current form.
A boss has 3 forms -> when a form is defeated, the boss's health is restored and it changes its attack pattern. Mana, however, is maintained across forms.

To the right of the playing area are the player statistics.
The bar is the health of the player, which is always out of 100pts
the squares beneath the bar are ammunition for bombs. A player starts with 3 bombs, and can hold up to 10 (though no method for recovering bombs has been implemented)

The number displayed on the right is the current score of the boss.

==CONTROLS
Z: shoot
X: drop bomb.
(bombs clear out a large area around the player of the boss's bullets)

Left/Right/Up/Down: Move
Spacebar: Move quickly
Ctrl: Move slowly
(the purpose of multiple movement speeds is to allow for precision navigation of bullet patterns)

==CLOSING
Everything is more or less totally unbalanced, so I apologize in advance for that.
If you have any comments, recomendation, anything, feel free to contact me with feedback.

